Kk wdac edits trask 25387842 (#9697)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/deployment/deploy-wdac-policies-with-memcm.md

- [Optional] Reputable apps as defined by the Intelligent Security Graph (ISG)
- [Optional] Apps and executables already installed in admin-definable folder locations that MEMCM will allow through a one-time scan during policy creation on managed endpoints.

> Please be aware that MEMCM does not remove policies once deployed. To stop enforcement, you should switch the policy to audit mode, which will produce the same effect. If you want to disable WDAC altogether (including audit mode), you can deploy a script to delete the policy file from disk, and either trigger a reboot, or wait for the next reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that MEMCM does not remove policies once deployed. To stop enforcement, you should switch the policy to audit mode, which will produce the same effect. If you want to disable WDAC altogether (including audit mode), you can deploy a script to delete the policy file from disk, and either trigger a reboot or wait for the next reboot.
```
